[Music]
very good my dear lovers of the
heart how is this and I hope you are
enjoying the weekend although from
what I've seen in the comments of
the last videos some of you are being miserable
with this so much about
David Marta you are being miserable
and it really makes me feel sorry I don't
want you to suffer and I've been warning you for a
long time okay and there are still people who do
n't get it don't look for excuses don't
look for excuses it's not that
Marta is to blame it's that Antonia Vi stayed
in Malaga because it was her little daughter's name day
and since it was her name day it
really makes me feel sorry when I see
people like this not in God 6 no one I don't
even want her to give me 6 amino idol
3 no one to listen to all the versions and
don't be fanatics really you are
laughing at you okay of course a
daughter and a daughter go I have a girlfriend that
of course okay but Antonia Vi
has been absent from Marta's birthday
because it is the little girl's name day okay a
saint what really happened to us about my
Antonio I remember  when they start a
saint is not a communion a saint is not
a baptism nor is it a wedding nor is it
your son's graduation day and your
girlfriend is going to make you choose between your
daughter and you and you and she understands me I mean do
n't be naive I really feel so
sorry for her and she insults me you can
insult me ​​whatever you want to let off steam
or because you've been hit in the
heart because you had
someone deified who's not family these are
exclusives tohá
these are shows anything goes look I'm
going to put a video I'm going to put a
video
Marta 10 anyone on her birthday look look look she
looks like a Barbie with the
pink limousine that has made her live the
live the life no but it's already 8 the
pink limousine that they have given her okay and
she stops and all the press taking her
picture as if it were the movie it
really makes me want she is a reporter that I
was talking about last year please without
meaning to disrespect Marta
because she is a great professional okay but
nobody was talking about  Marta wasn't a
character that every time she had a birthday they
put a limousine in her and
the whole press started chasing her please look at her look at her
the one who doesn't want to be a
character look look look look what's normal
this is this is
normal when you don't want to be
people in public okay this this is
normal when they want to keep your
anonymity family open your eyes open your
eyes this is not a love story
this is a story of I want to go back to
TV and I want to be famous okay that's it
please family it makes me so sorry for you so
many people trying to
find excuses blame her
anyway the kings don't exist ladies the
three wise men don't exist nor does Pete the
mouse okay this is a
spectacle next week we'll have
a reconciliation maybe
another cover who knows please be
informed about how TV works and
how exclusives work the famous
event is such a history between the
real fights that they're laughing that I'm
the first one they've laughed at okay
I'm the first one who believed
many things that aren't true okay but this is
n't  family this is not done by a person
who loves us that in salvame they talk about
her that she does not want to
be a public figure that sells her
life please we are talking about that
this week they have sold us a photo they have
sold us a cover family those who are
going to commercialize us with their relationship
open your eyes really I do not know how to
tell you there are people who are saying
like Diego Arrabal this is no longer
clear to me I am going to inform myself during the
afternoon and I am telling you I truly
have nothing personal against
anyone in the family my intention is to
inform that we like reality I
can not do anything if you want I can
make another channel and I will tell you lies
that you want to hear to fix them and
so that it upsets us
Diego Arrabal says that killing is that before
once they become a couple again okay
also in his instagram stories
then on the other hand there are people who are
saying that with whom Antonio
Davis returns with Olga that he stays in Malaga
because he stays with Olga that Marta the
risk they are pressuring her to
present the divorce papers once and for all but
Antonio  Davis does
n't get divorced for a reason okay you know and this
is already incredible look at this I mean after
yesterday's show it's already 8 you
can show when she leaves the
party look what Marta
and the people say my colleagues from Ana Rosa
deserve me to have a good time we already have
the hat ready for your wedding
the hat for the wedding this she's
delighted to meet you look at it the
problem she has with dealing with the
press
well maybe we should keep it that way
because it's not a definitive goodbye we should
ask him he has the scales
in his court
my goodness my goodness he was going to come back
if he's not going to come back my goodness family
please to one thing in fight against the
things that Telecinco has done and against
the things the things that the
TV factory has done okay what the factory did in
front of is shameful not letting
people have their opinions is not right for example in another
news item this morning they showed you this
shameful and repugnant twin2 this is
repulsive this is repulsive it has no
other name in which they give him the option
to the public to
deny or deny a sentence is worth
believing is not believing is a sentence is worth
questioning a woman
who has received a beating these
options did not have with produced
Carrasco but no way with Rocío
Carrasco they could not give their opinion on the
collaborators okay one thing that
we condemn these things okay and another that
we believe that here you will see you do not see the
reason for example speaks of a source
close to the family that would talk about
singing the biologist was behind
Thor shady dealings also one thing is to
defend injustices not
media harassment slander to condemn
on television a person who is
innocent that is one thing and another is that
you believe that the characters are saints
and that they do not look out for their interests and for
money and that all this is the business is
worth it not me 6 innocent that do not use
open your eyes please that if we have
opened the YouTube channels so that you
have more means so that it is not only
the press releases
the television channels that give
biased information okay open your eyes
that they use us do not be  fans not
even of me okay trust me I'm
telling you
fans not even of me I also make
mistakes many times but I try to
be honest a hug family see you
later
[Music]